# SidebarDashboardFinal
The Final Unfinished Code from Summer Research 2024

This may seem like a lot of files, and there is, but everything is connected in some way or another. As with most coding programs, the files that end in ‘js’ are javascript code files and code more of the functionality of the website, while the ‘css’ files are more cosmetic. With Most ‘js’ files, there is an accompanying ‘css’ file to position the component, or center content on a slide. To break down most files, all main files are in the src folder. The SRC folder can be broken down into 3 different areas: Components, Pages, and Miscellaneous. 
Beginning with Components, this is where much of the App’s functionality is stored. The functionality and labeling of the Sidebar can be found here with the files containing the word “Sidebar”. This includes opening and closing the sidebar, as well as all of the buttons that allow for people to click to a new page/browser. Other structural components are located here as well such as breadcrumbs (allows user to retrace his/her steps), buttons (allows user to click and navigate website), footers (additional information and cosmetic purposes), and the most crucial service, the firebase link. As mentioned in the summary, the firebase is our backend and allows us to easily update and bring pictures from the “bucket”. The file named “serviceAccount.json” is the credentials for our specific storage bucket. Firebase.js and firebase.py are the necessary codes to link the two ends, and the image link allows us to pull these images to the site. 
The next part of the src file is the pages. This is straight forward as these files are each and every page of the App. Most pages have little to no content but are set up to either display stagnant content that will not change, or can display images from the bucket. Pages are organized by dropdown category and can easily be modified to display information. 
The last section of this folder is the miscellaneous files. Do not be fooled by the word “miscellaneous” as these are some of the most important files. The files with the word “App” in them are the files that pull everything together. App.js may be the most important file in this entire thing. This connects and routes all of the files and pages we have created before and allows the website to flow smoothly. This file allows the user to go to a specific page when a button is clicked, or use the breadcrumbs, and links the sidebar to the pages it contains. Without this file, the app would have the functional components, but no power to allow them to work. 
